All right pig latin this is a fun one where we are going to have a pig latin translator.
And what that means is that if we have a word that starts with a vowel such as 8 we're just going to
add the word way on and if we have a word that starts with a consonant we're going to go until we hit
a vowel and then we're going to concat these letters on to the end.
And on top of that we're going to add a A-Y onto it.
So that's our objective here.
We have quite a few methods I use to solve this I use split I also use test which is a regular expression
into it to find out hey you know what what is this.
Does this match or not you know do you run a test on it got such a bad name test and they have choice
in and then push.
So that's what I'd do.
Let's go in and jump in to the solution which I think this one.
It's been a while since I originally solved it but I think this will give me a little bit of trouble
mainly because I was still I feel like every time I get comfortable with regular expressions I immediately
forget it and so I had to relearn just the regular expression aspect but there's different ways that
we could do this one.
All right so with that I started here was I take the string that we're having inputted and I create
a new I create a a character array.
So we're going to work here and we're going to call them letters.
And this is going to be equal to Estuardo split when we want to get each individual character split
out and then eventually what we're going to want to do so I want to return to your room to modify your
original input.
Now we're going to create a regular expression here to check if it's an 8 in an i n e n o or you know
sometimes y.
In this example you just sometimes sometimes lie like God just the idea that sometimes we do things.
Awful idea.
Who ever wrote the language needs figured out soring call this is the vowel.
Because that's what it is.
And within here where I say look it's an A.
And he and I know who are you.
That's our Valerie Ajax.
And if it is where we are at it we don't need to do anything to string other than add way to it.
So we can take our vowel rejects and we can run a test.
Is this true.
And all we're going to do here is pass in the first character of letters 0 right.
Our original strain if that's a true statement.
All we need to do here is return.
And originally what I did was I did letters I joined and I joined it back together and then I added
plus way.
But there's really no reason to run this extra iteration.
And there's really no reason here to even do this we can actually go ahead and target the string directly.
And all we need.
All we need to do is say TR this way and you'll see.
Currently we're getting this what we're done with the ones where they're starting with vowels.
This is all we need to do.
I would probably at this point this is more of a preference thing.
There's no reason you have to do this.
I tend to use tactics more than anything else now like so.
So that would be halloed probably do it.
I think it's I don't know that there's a preferred way but this is my preferred way.
Next what we're going to do is we're going to handle the cases in which we have consonants and as we
mentioned the consonants we go until we don't hit one.
So when you don't know how many times you're going to go there's a couple of ways you know about you
could do a loop.
Typically we could also do a for loop and break out of it.
I think we'll do a WHILE loop here.
So while true
we want to do some stuff.
So what we're going to check for is we're going to check if our letters have a.
We want to check if our letters are in fact part of the consonants are not part of the consonants are
not part of the outrage excuse me.
And if that's true.
So we're going to say not our valpré Dracs right.
We want to test what are we testing.
Well at this point we're testing the letters 0 and from here we want to do is you want to go ahead and
say OK if that's the case and there is no letters we take letters.
I want to push a new value to it like so.
So what are you pushing letters dot.
Bush actually does splice.
What are we slicing.
Zero comma one.
And what was it was issue here.
Oh arguments like there's no split could splice
the issue here my friend my friend
we also have an infinite loop pair.
Maybe that might be giving us our issue here.
So we'll break out of this if all Redjacket we test the first character legs up push now sound prowar
of type String Finally we want to do we have to refactor this sort of broken since I did this last thing.
What we want to do is to resign the value stream to be equal to letters.
Join those values that we splice off of it.
Plus a wife for a.
And there we go and we get our oof gulay.
I'm still not sure why this is giving me a a javascript here but let's let's just go through the logic
real quick because I think we might have just stuck on it on this typescript here.
So what we're doing is we're checking to see if it starts with the value here.
If it does all we need to do is add way here we're taking our string and we're converting it to an array
of characters.
Now we're going to iterate through while our.
Wallace is a false statement meaning Waldie Val rejects is not a a.
We are going to take letters.
And we're going to push a value to the end of it which is going to splice out the front letter of our
string o
Will that do it.
You know it just just ignore this for now.
I think this is fine.
I don't understand why it's giving me such a May.
It may be a little bit of a stricter thing but basically what we're doing is we're splicing not the
values here that are at the front of the front of the letters array and then we're pushing them to the
end.
That's basically what's happening here.
Let's see if this actually just comes first.
Conc.
Don't don't don't hate me I can't spell.
And we're going to push that value under there not just like I think letters is not Sidus.
Ray
I don't know why these issues.
But if it is a valve we're going to break out because we're done now we don't need changing other algorithm.
Finally we're then going to join them back together and then just add A-Y onto it and we're done.
That's pretty much it.
It was a fun one.
I enjoyed it.
Sorry for the error here I'm not quite sure why it thinks we're assign any value.
But hey it is.
Oh you know why.
Because oh I get it because splice here they think splice is going to return more than one value so
what we need to do is we need to do this.
Ah I got it now because splicer returns an array but when we join them back together.
It all works out.
I get it now.
But yeah.
So thank you typescript for educating me.
So we're only slicing one value so we're just saying return that first value from this array that we're
getting.
Then add it back.
I found a bug in my code.
I fixed it.
Sweet.